---
layout: post
title: Professional Resume
date: 2017-10-21 13:32:20 +0300
description: This is my professional resume. # Add post description (optional)
img: semiconductors.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Engineering, Semiconductors, Mircoelectronics, Resume]
---

So, as I mentioned, I am a semiconductor engineer by profession. I have filed a five patent applications till now, 3 of them as primary author. Here is a list of my patents. 

## <a href="https://patents.justia.com/patent/9548104">Boost control to improve SRAM write operation </a> 
Approaches for providing write-assist boost for a Static Random Access Memory (SRAM) array are provided. A circuit includes a write driver of a Static Random Access Memory (SRAM) array. The circuit also includes a boost circuit that dynamically varies a write-assist boost voltage based on a stability assist setting applied to a wordline of the array. <br />

## <a href="https://patents.justia.com/patent/9105498">Gate strain induced work function engineering</a>
A stack of a gate dielectric layer and a workfunction material layer are deposited over a plurality of semiconductor material portions, which can be a plurality of semiconductor fins or a plurality of active regions in a semiconductor substrate. A first gate conductor material applying a first stress is formed on a first portion of the workfunction material layer located on a first semiconductor material portion, and a second gate conductor material applying a second stress is formed on a second portion of the workfunction material layer located on a second semiconductor material portion. The first and second stresses are different in at least one of polarity and magnitude, thereby inducing different strains in the first and second portions of the workfunction material layer. The different strains cause the workfunction shift differently in the first and second portions of the workfunction material layer, thereby providing devices having multiple different workfunctions. <br />

### <a href="https://patents.justia.com/patent/8954306">Component behavior modeling using separate behavior model</a>
A behavior model is provided, which is configured to simulate one aspect of the behavior of a component apart from the component model for the component. The behavior model can be included in a circuit model used to simulate operation of a circuit. The circuit model can include a component model for a component and a corresponding behavior model, which is located in parallel or series with the component model. The component model and behavior model can collectively simulate all of the behavior of the component within the circuit. In an embodiment, the behavior model simulates snapback behavior exhibited by the component. <br />

#### <a href="https://patents.justia.com/patent/8929039">Silicon controlled rectifier (SCR) clamp including metal insulator transition (MIT) resistor </a>
Aspects of the invention provide for an electrostatic discharge (ESD) clamp. In one embodiment, the ESD clamp includes: a silicon controlled rectifier (SCR); and a trigger circuit for providing a tunable trigger voltage to turn on the SCR, the trigger circuit including a metal-insulator transition (MIT) material. The trigger circuit includes an MIT resistor that includes a width and a length that tunes the trigger voltage to a desired voltage. <br />

### <a href="https://patents.justia.com/patent/8489378">Silicon controlled rectifier modeling</a>
A model for a silicon controlled rectifier includes three diode models connected in series, with the middle diode model being reverse biased. Each diode model corresponds to and can be configured to simulate DC operation of a junction in the silicon controlled rectifier. The model can be used to evaluate behavior of a circuit that includes the silicon controlled rectifier. For example, the circuit can include an electrostatic discharge protection circuit that includes the silicon controlled rectifier. <br />

